We're going to close our eyes and we're going to start imagining a future as we would like
it to be.
First, we're just going to imagine it, we're going to do the key to the law of attraction
number one, which is to decide.
Then I'm going to take you on a mental journey through time, on a bridge to the future, and
we're going to go there.
And then you're going to see yourself living that new reality.
Then you're going to become the person who lives that reality and you're going to experience
it.
When you're in that frequency, you're going to drink your glass of blue water.
When you drink your glass of blue water, you're going to open your eyes and we're going to
finish the technique by anchoring the blue water.
Is everyone ready?
Let's go.
Let's go.
Those who already have the blue water, take a sip of it.
That's it.
Those who don't have it, do it now.
Close your eyes.
Everyone close your eyes.
What's up?
Find a comfortable position.
You can even lie down if you want now so we can imagine.
You don't need to hold the phone, no.
If you're holding your phone, put it down and find a comfortable position, keeping your
hands loose and relaxed.
That's it.
Before we start the technique, I want to invite you to reflect on a few things.
You felt something nice in this video, just before you closed your eyes.
Didn't you?
Did you feel the connection with these people who are connected?
Doing this challenge.
Didn't you feel it?
Did you feel that this is your place?
Didn't you feel it?
Did you feel a good vibe here?
Let me explain something to you.
You asked to be here.
We set up a vibrational meeting.
This is the answer to your requests.
You know that.
And to prove it to you, I want to invite you to reflect on the following.
In the minutes before you close your eyes and heard the sound of my voice.
While you listened to me explaining all of this, it was as if you were remembering something.
It was as if nothing I was saying was any absurd new thing.
Did you know that everything I was saying was as if I was reminding you of something
you already know?
Do you know why?
Let me tell you something.
You are a special person.
You are not just any person and you know it.
Throughout your life, you have had signs and proof of this.
A lot has happened in your life, I know.
And all of this has transformed you into the incredible person that you are.
A person who recognizes his mistakes, past and present, and who has been trying to become
a better person every day.
There's a seed inside you.
I can say and affirm, if the whole world were made up of people like you, we could say that
we would live in paradise on earth.
You are one of those who make the world a better place.
And maybe you haven't realized it, but you deserve so much more.
Yes, you do.
You are this incredible human being.
You deserve much better health.
You deserve a much better quality of life.
You deserve much more money.
Off money to live freely, to provide quality of life for the people you love.
Speaking of love, you deserve a life full of love.
Love from family, friends, a loving, complete relationship.
You deserve happiness.
At that moment, you realize that you deserve it in a way that you may not have felt in
a long time.
And feeling worthy begins to open the doors to a new future.
And at that moment, you imagine that you are in a room, in a different room.
It is a room with a television.
I call this room the quantum room.
This television shows the future.
When I turn on this television, in a little while it will turn on, you will see a movie.
It is a movie of your life 10 years in the future.
When you turn on this television, you will be surprised.
You will see that you look younger 10 years in the future.
Your body may be thinner, stronger.
I don't know what you want for your future, but perhaps you can already imagine what you
will see when you turn on this screen.
The clothes that you are wearing in this reality of the future that you will see on this television
are incredible.
The house that you are living in is wonderful, the car in the garage, the family.
Everything you will see on this screen when we turn on the quantum television, which can
see the future, will be a completely transformed reality, but best of all, created by you from
your dreams and your desires.
When I count to three, you will turn on this television and you will see your quantum future.
One, two, three.
That's it, turn on the television.
And the first image you see will delight you, you.
Ten years in the future.
And look how incredible, look how beautiful.
Look who you have become.
Look what a wonderful person.
Look how you live.
Look how you walk.
Look at the house where you live in this beautiful future.
The car, in the garage, the family, the relationships.
And maybe you look inside the house and there are photos of trips you took over these ten
years to the most incredible places, which before seemed like just a dream.
And you look at this reality, the beautiful house, the body.
And when I count to three, you will enter this television and you will meet your future
self.
You will be in the living room of your house ten years in the future, face to face.
You will meet your quantum self from the future.
When I say three, you will travel to the future.
One, two, three, go.
That's it.
Look, you are here now.
The year is 2035 and you are face to face with yourself.
You are face to face with your future self and this future self of yours begins to shine
with energy.
This future self of yours has so much confidence, so much security, so much love, so much money,
so much prosperity, so much health and all this energy begins to shine in front of you
and you feel this energy coming close to you and touching you and you begin to get a little
taste of what it is like for this future self of yours to live in this reality.
And suddenly you begin to feel this, it becomes stronger and your future self opens its arms
and invites you for a hug, a quantum hug and suddenly you hug each other and you become
one and all this reality starts to become your reality now and you feel your body different,
your body even looking younger, thinner or stronger.
You look around you and you realize that your body is completely healthy, completely healthy
and you can jump, run, play.
You look around this room and there are photos of trips you've taken in the last 10 years,
the incredible places on the planet that you visited, of Brazil, of other places, of other
countries, photos of your family life, of relationships you've had, of friends.
You walk to the garage, a beautiful car is parked.
You live in the neighborhood, in the condominium, in the city that you've always dreamed of
living in.
This is your reality.
Your bank account is full, you have money and you feel a lot of joy, a lot of love, a lot
of happiness.
And feeling all this, you take your water, that's it and drink your entire glass, imagining
that this water is blue.
As you drink this water, you imagine this water entering your entire body, vibrating at this
blue frequency in this reality.
Just drink water.
Drink all this water, that's it.
All this water.
And now open your eyes and write for us like this, look.
It's already real.
Write it down, it's already real.
And now you're going to write the five affirmations, one after the other.
Everything is already resolved.
I'm already prosperous.
The universe conspires in my favor.
I'm already the person who lives this reality.
Everything works out for me.
Let's go.
You're going to answer, you're going to write these five affirmations now, one at a time.
You can write the five affirmations, one at a time.
Here it is for you, look, the five affirmations, one at a time.
Everything is already resolved.
I'm already prosperous.
The universe conspires in my favor.
I'm already the person who lives this reality and everything works out for me.
The blue water is activated for you.
What are you going to do now?
Go on, if you're not in the group, the first thing is to get the book, it's in the description
of the video pinned in the comments, you get your book and join the group.
If you already have the book and you're not in the group, click here and join the group,
okay?
Tonight, before you go to sleep, you're going to put a little water in your glass, hold it,
imagining that this water is blue, and you're going to travel to this reality that I just
showed you.
You're going to stay there for a little while, about two, three, five minutes.
When you feel like you're there, you're going to drink the blue water.
Then you go to the group, press play and do the turbocharged law of attraction technique
by sleeping with the law of attraction.
I'll put you to sleep.
You sleep the whole night.
Tomorrow morning, if you wake up, drink a glass of blue water first thing in the morning
and do the miracle morning technique.
Listen to the miracle morning technique.
Throughout the day, you will repeat the five affirmations, everything is already resolved.
I am already prosperous.
The universe conspires in my favor.
I am already the person who lives this reality.
Everything works out for me.
You're sleeping a little in the water, travel to the future again.
You already know it, I've already shown you.
Live, put more and more things in, leave the house, walk around the city neighborhood,
go to the bank, check your bank account, meet your relationships, people, see your older
children, they're already grown up, maybe graduated, some others already have children.
I don't know, experience this reality, drink blue water and do the technique of sleeping
with the law of attraction.
You will do this every day until Sunday.
And on Sunday we will make the manifestation card and then we will go to the next stage
of our challenge, okay?
And, hey, I want to make a special invitation to you before we close.
I want everyone to mark June 7th on your calendar, I will do an event called Awakening the Power
of the Mind.
I will be live on June 7th from 8am.
It's a Saturday, until 6pm.
I'm going to apply techniques and tools from Neurolinguistic Programming, Neuroscience,
Transformation and Neuroactivation.
You're going to experience a day of transformation, an immersion in the power of the mind.
We're going to put an end to fears, traumas and phobias, change habits, change our reality,
erase painful memories from the past, and much more.
Attention, tickets will be on sale starting next week.
But if you're my student, pay close attention to the groups you're in, because you might
be eligible for a free ticket.
The ticket will cost our $369 and will be on sale starting next week.
But if you're watching me, you might be eligible for a free ticket.
So, read all my messages in the group to find out whether or not you're eligible for a
free ticket before the sales period begins.
Throughout this week, we're going to be giving away the free tickets.
So, are you in the car, the demonstration club, and the Eagles groups?
Of NLP, pay attention to the group messages, because I'm going to release a batch of free
tickets, okay?
Then it will be on sale.
So take advantage of the free tickets.
It's all going to be this week.
Pay attention to all the messages I send you.
Listen to all my audios, read all the messages because everything is very important.
And before I finish, you're going to do the following.
You're going to go and press this share button here, look, and you're going to send it to
five people.
Choose five people who you want to see vibrating at the frequency of what we did here today.
Share this video with five people.
That's your commitment, like and share.
If you don't have the book yet, get it.
And pay attention in the group to get your ticket for the free awakening of the power
of the mind.
Okay?
See you live next Sunday.
Kisses to everyone.
Thanks guys.
M.
